I returned from the depths of hell
to take you down.
I'll have to send you back there. then.
Shin!
Your life ends here!
Kenshiro!
In the year 199X.
the world was engulfed in nuclear fire!!
The seas dried up. the earth split open.
and it seemed as if all life
had been wiped out...
And yet...
humanity somehow survived!!
Water!
Lots of food too!
Look what else they've got.
Plenty of paper to wipe our asses with!
So begins a new era
where violence rules the world.
Zeed!
Something happened to the recon squad!
What?
Damn...
W... Who did this...?
Who the hell did this?!
They don't know who they're messing with!
Zeed!
Huh?
Something's not right here.
An external force wouldn't have done this.
It's almost like they burst open
from the inside.
This guy's still breathing!
Hey! Tell me what happened here!
The Great Dipper...
The what?
What just happened?
Was that a time bomb?
No. There's no way anything that complex
is still kicking around these days.
What the hell did he mean
by "the Great Dipper"?
A CRY FROM THE HEART
W... Water...
Water...
We'll keep him here
until the Elder gets back.
Looks like another dumbass
stumbled his way in here.
Rin. Bring him some water.
Th... Thank you...
Grab the keys!
What are you waiting for?!
You're just another thief
as far as they see it.
We've gotta get outta here
before they kill us!
Huh?
You bastard!
What the hell did you do to me?!
Sorry. but could I trouble you
for another cup of water?
C'mon!
You didn't have to go that far. asshole!
Ooh that smarts.
What the hell were you thinking?
What do you think would happen to her
if she let you escape?
You picked a fine time
to be a bleeding heart. buddy.
I'm surprised you've made it this far.
C'mon. Admit it.
You're only here because you heard
the rumors about this village. right?
Take a look outside!
This place has water!
It's sitting on an aquifer.
That means they've got tons of food too!
If you wanna survive in this world.
you need food and water.
The strong take what they want.
and live on.
Violence reigns supreme.
The chumps in this village may have
their own self-defense force.
but at the end of the day.
they're a bunch of amateurs.
The second they meet a real militia.
they're toast.
Hey.
Listen. You wanna team up?
Hmph! Suit yourself.
Hm? Hey. what the hell?
You're bringing him food?
Man. that village was a waste of time.
They didn't have anything worth a damn.
Damn. I'm hungry.
We're gonna run out of fuel.
We'd better hit the jackpot this time!
Thank you. That hit the spot.
Are you sure it was okay
to give me all of that?
Now she's turning red.
Damn brat.
What's your name?
Call me "Ken."
You're wasting your time.
She can hear you. but she can't speak.
Can't speak?
Can't blame her. though.
Her whole family was murdered by bandits
right in front of her eyes.
She's got no one left.
and the villagers treat her as a burden.
Now they've got her playing prison guard.
No one needs a useless brat around
in times like these.
Honestly. she'd have been better off
if she was never born.
I'm just sayin'!
You don't gotta look at me like that.
Does it hurt?
I see...
I can't imagine the kinds of hell
that those innocent eyes have seen.
It's okay.
Don't move.
Whoa. what the hell was that?
I cast a spell to help her speak again.
You what?
The rest is up to her.
Her heart's cry will help her
find her voice.
The hell are you on about?
Well. even if you're lying.
it's probably the first time in her life
anyone gave a damn about her.
Get up!
The Elder has returned!
Where are you headed?
Nowhere in particular.
Elder. He could be one of Zeed's men.
Search him.
If he's one of them. he should have
Zeed's mark tattooed on him somewhere.
Th... The Great Dipper...
The stars that rule over death...
Where the Great Dipper goes.
chaos follows...
An ill omen...
This is bad!
Hey. wake up!
They're coming!
Tell the Elder!
Right.
Where are they?
W... What?!
Bad news!
It's Zeed! Zeed's gang is here!
Dammit.
Rin! You're fighting too!
Well. you've sure got her charmed.
She even left you the keys
on the way to her death.
Her death?!
Yep. Zeed's gang doesn't spare anyone.
not even women and children.
Huh?
What are you...
Hey. wait! I said wait!
Where are you going?!
These guys aren't gonna last
a single minute against Zeed!
We gotta run while we can!
Water!
Bring me all of your food and water!
Make it quick.
or I'll rip this brat's head off!
Give us every last crumb!
All your fuel. too!
Elder! Don't worry about us.
We'll stand and fight!
Ken!!
Stay away!!
She talked...
Why now...?
The rest is up to her.
Her heart's cry will help her
find her voice.
Just who the hell are you?
What did you do back there?
Run away!
Shut your mouth. brat!
- Ken!
Her heart's cry.
Hey!
Ken...
The hell do you want?
Back off!
Move.
Check out the balls on this guy!
We're gonna shred ya!
You wanna screw with us. bastard?!
Hokuto Shinken...
What?
What are you waiting for? Kill him!
He's mine!
Whoa. Who even is this guy?
Let her go.
So it was you!
You're the one who killed my men!
Hokuto Hundred Blows Rushing Fist!
I've heard tell
of a fearsome assassination art
that originated in China long ago.
Its name was "Hokuto Shinken."
Its users concentrate all of their energy
into one fist
and strike the body's
Hidden Channeling Points.
The resulting damage causes the body
to rupture from the inside out.
A martial art that kills
with a single strike.
And now it appears before us...
Your hits pack as much punch
as a mosquito bite!
Hope you're ready to die!
You are already dead.
What was that?
Zeed's men are retreating!
Thank you.
Ken!
I see...
So you hit the pressure points and then...
Why don't you just stay here though?
If they had someone like you.
they'd be set for life.
They've got lots of food. too.
Huh?
Oh well.
As long as I stick with this guy.
I won't go hungry!
Hey! Wait up!
The name's Bat!
Wait for me!
Ken!
Why...
They say that where the Great Dipper goes.
chaos follows.
He left to keep our village safe.
To keep you safe. Rin.
You understand. right?
Ken...
SUBTITLE TRANSLATION BY LEUCA HACHE